README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://secure-sms-ask.vercel.app/">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/main/art/logo.png" alt="MySMS Forward Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">MySMS Forward</h1>

  <p align="center">
    <strong>A Private, Secure, and Reliable Android SMS Forwarder App.</strong>
    <br />
    The ultimate SMS forwarding app to safely manage and forward your SMS messages.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://secure-sms-ask.vercel.app/"><strong>View Website</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/SMS%20Forwarder%201.0.apk">Download APK</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/issues">Report Bug</a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/stargazers">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask?style=social" alt="GitHub stars" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

## 📖 About The Project

**MySMS Forward** is an open-source Android SMS forwarder app built with a privacy-first philosophy. It gives you full control over your SMS messages by allowing you to forward them to another mobile number or a secure Telegram Bot. Your data remains on your device, ensuring your conversations are always private, secure, and delivered instantly.

Built for personal use, MySMS Forward is ad-free, tracker-free, and does not rely on any third-party analytics or cloud services. It's the simple, powerful SMS forwarding app you've been looking for.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- **🛡️ Unyielding Privacy**: No data collection, no tracking, no ads. Your privacy is the top priority.
- **↪️ Dual Forwarding**: Forward SMS to another mobile number, a secure Telegram bot, or both. Control each destination independently.
- **📱 Dual SIM Support**: Explicitly choose which SIM to use for sending forwarded messages.
- **⚡ Instant Delivery**: Forwards all incoming SMS—including OTPs, banking alerts, and personal texts—within 1-2 seconds.
- **🔁 Intelligent Loop Prevention**: Critical safety logic prevents infinite forwarding loops and duplicate messages.
- **⚙️ Robust Background Service**: Runs as a persistent foreground service that auto-restarts on boot, ensuring the app is never killed by the OS.
- **🔒 On-Device & Offline First**: All processing happens locally. Internet is only used if you enable Telegram forwarding.
- **🎨 Beautiful Material You UI**: A clean, modern interface with light & dark modes, smooth animations, and clear visual feedback.
- **🌍 Open Source**: The complete, well-commented source code is available on GitHub for full transparency.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the MySMS Forward forwarder up and running on your device.

### Installation

1.  **Download the APK**:
    - [**Download MySMS Forward v1.0 APK**](https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/SMS%20Forwarder%201.0.apk)

2.  **Enable Installation from Unknown Sources**:
    - On your Android device, go to `Settings` > `Security`.
    - Find the option to "Install unknown apps" and enable it for your browser or file manager.

3.  **Install the App**:
    - Open the downloaded `.apk` file to begin the installation.

### How to Use

1.  **Grant Permissions**: On first launch, the app will request necessary permissions (like `READ_SMS`, `SEND_SMS`) to function.
2.  **Configure Forwarding**: In the single setup screen, enter your destination mobile number and/or Telegram bot details (Token and Chat ID).
3.  **Select SIM**: If you have a dual-SIM device, choose which SIM to use for forwarding SMS.
4.  **Start Service**: Toggle your desired forwarding options and press the "Start" button. The app will now run silently in the background, forwarding all your new SMS messages.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1.  Fork the Project
2.  Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3.  Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4.  Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5.  Open a Pull Request

Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

---

## 📄 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

Commit message:

add also need trun play store securty

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://secure-sms-ask.vercel.app/">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/main/art/logo.png" alt="MySMS Forward Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">MySMS Forward</h1>

  <p align="center">
    <strong>A Private, Secure, and Reliable Android SMS Forwarder App.</strong>
    <br />
    The ultimate SMS forwarding app to safely manage and forward your SMS messages.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://secure-sms-ask.vercel.app/"><strong>View Website</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/SMS%20Forwarder%201.0.apk">Download APK</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/issues">Report Bug</a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/stargazers">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask?style=social" alt="GitHub stars" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

## 📖 About The Project

**MySMS Forward** is an open-source Android SMS forwarder app built with a privacy-first philosophy. It gives you full control over your SMS messages by allowing you to forward them to another mobile number or a secure Telegram Bot. Your data remains on your device, ensuring your conversations are always private, secure, and delivered instantly.

Built for personal use, MySMS Forward is ad-free, tracker-free, and does not rely on any third-party analytics or cloud services. It's the simple, powerful SMS forwarding app you've been looking for.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- **🛡️ Unyielding Privacy**: No data collection, no tracking, no ads. Your privacy is the top priority.
- **↪️ Dual Forwarding**: Forward SMS to another mobile number, a secure Telegram bot, or both. Control each destination independently.
- **📱 Dual SIM Support**: Explicitly choose which SIM to use for sending forwarded messages.
- **⚡ Instant Delivery**: Forwards all incoming SMS—including OTPs, banking alerts, and personal texts—within 1-2 seconds.
- **🔁 Intelligent Loop Prevention**: Critical safety logic prevents infinite forwarding loops and duplicate messages.
- **⚙️ Robust Background Service**: Runs as a persistent foreground service that auto-restarts on boot, ensuring the app is never killed by the OS.
- **🔒 On-Device & Offline First**: All processing happens locally. Internet is only used if you enable Telegram forwarding.
- **🎨 Beautiful Material You UI**: A clean, modern interface with light & dark modes, smooth animations, and clear visual feedback.
- **🌍 Open Source**: The complete, well-commented source code is available on GitHub for full transparency.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the MySMS Forward forwarder up and running on your device.

### Installation

1.  **Download the APK**:
    - [**Download MySMS Forward v1.0 APK**](https://github.com/0xrohitsen/Secure-SMS-Ask/blob/main/SMS%20Forwarder%201.0.apk)

2.  **Disable Google Play Protect (Temporary)**:
    - Open the **Play Store** app.
    - Tap your profile icon in the top right, then select **Play Protect**.
    - Tap the **Settings** gear icon and turn off **"Scan apps with Play Protect"**. This prevents Android from blocking the installation. You can re-enable it after installing the app.

3.  **Enable Installation from Unknown Sources**:
    - On your Android device, go to `Settings` > `Security`.
    - Find the option to **"Install unknown apps"** and enable it for your browser or file manager.

4.  **Install the App**:
    - Open the downloaded `.apk` file to begin the installation.

### How to Use

1.  **Grant Permissions**: On first launch, the app will request necessary permissions (like `READ_SMS`, `SEND_SMS`) to function.
2.  **Configure Forwarding**: In the single setup screen, enter your destination mobile number and/or Telegram bot details (Token and Chat ID).
3.  **Select SIM**: If you have a dual-SIM device, choose which SIM to use for forwarding SMS.
4.  **Start Service**: Toggle your desired forwarding options and press the "Start" button. The app will now run silently in the background, forwarding all your new SMS messages.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1.  Fork the Project
2.  Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3.  Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4.  Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5.  Open a Pull Request

Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

---

## 📄 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.
